Metazoa Static content E115 (#158)
EnsemblGenomes/ensembl-static: metazoa/species/Schmidtea/Schmidtea_mediterranea/Schmidtea_mediterranea_gca045838255v1cm_annotation.md

**Annotation**
----------

Metazoa displaying genes imported from GenBank entry linked to the assembly with accession [GCA\_045838255.1](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/data/view/GCA_045838255.1).

> Genomic annotation was deposited along with initial assembly submission by ["Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary Sciences"](URL_GOES_HERE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Genomic annotation was deposited along with initial assembly submission by ["Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary Sciences"](https://www.mpinat.mpg.de/rink).
```
